---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "controltower_aws_account Resource - terraform-provider-controltower"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides an AWS account resource via Control Tower.
---

# controltower_aws_account (Resource)

Provides an AWS account resource via Control Tower.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "controltower_aws_account" "account" {
  name                = "Example Account"
  email               = "aws-admin@example.com"
  organizational_unit = "Sandbox"

  organizational_unit_id_on_delete = "ou-some-id"

  sso {
    first_name = "John"
    last_name  = "Doe"
    email      = "john.doe@example.com"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) Root email of the account.
- `name` (String) Name of the account.
- `organizational_unit` (String) Name of the Organizational Unit under which the account resides.
- `sso` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Assigned SSO user settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sso))

### Optional

- `close_account_on_delete` (Boolean) If enabled, this will close the AWS account on resource deletion, beginning the 90-day suspension period. Otherwise, the account will just be unenrolled from Control Tower.
- `organizational_unit_id_on_delete` (String) ID of the Organizational Unit to which the account should be moved when the resource is deleted. If no value is provided, the account will not be moved.
- `path_id` (String) Name of the path identifier of the product. This value is optional if the product has a default path, and required if the product has more than one path. To list the paths for a product, use ListLaunchPaths.
- `provisioned_product_name` (String) Name of the service catalog product that is provisioned. Defaults to a slugified version of the account name.
- `tags` (Map of String) Key-value map of resource tags for the account.   

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) ID of the AWS account.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--sso"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sso`

Required:

- `email` (String) Email address of the user. If you use automatic provisioning this email address should already exist in AWS SSO.
- `first_name` (String) First name of the user.
- `last_name` (String) Last name of the user.

Optional:

- `permission_set_name` (String) Permission set name for the sso user. Defaults to AWSAdministratorAccess.
- `remove_account_assignment_on_update` (Boolean) If enabled, this will remove the account assignment for the old SSO user when the resource is updated.


## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

- `read`   - (Default `20m`)
- `create` - (Default `20m`)
- `update` - (Default `20m`)
- `delete` - (Default `20m`)